applications: nrf5340_audio: Use file suffix for nrf5340_audio DFU (#15907)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

* Updated:

  * Low latency configuration to be used as default setting for the nRF5340 Audio application.

>   * Migrated build system to support :ref:`zephyr:sysbuild`.
>     This means that the old Kconfig used to enable FOTA updates no longer exists, and the :ref: `zephyr:_application-file-suffixes` ``fota`` must be used instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Migrated build system to support :ref:`configuration_system_overview_sysbuild`.
    This means that the old Kconfig used to enable FOTA updates no longer exists, and the :ref: `file suffix <app_build_file_suffixes>` ``fota`` must be used instead.
```
We would rather link to our own NCS docs, instead of Zephyr. What do you think, @greg-fer?

Reviewer 2: Yes.
